BEFORE DOWNLOADING OR USING POSITRON, YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING
LICENSE AGREEMENT THAT APPLIES TO YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE. DOWNLOADING OR
USING POSITRON ESTABLISHES A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AS THE PERSON
ACQUIRING THE SOFTWARE ("YOU") AND POSIT SOFTWARE, PBC, ("LICENSOR").
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT IS REQUIRED AS A CONDITION TO PROCEEDING
WITH THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

                                   POSITRON

       Copyright (C) 2022-2024 Posit Software, PBC. All rights reserved.


                    SOFTWARE EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Software Evaluation License Agreement ("Agreement") is by and between
Posit Software, PBC, ("Licensor") and you.  This Agreement contemplates the
licensing for evaluation purposes only of a beta version of a software product
developed by Licensor and referred to as "Positron" that has not been generally
released for commercial use.  Licensor is willing to provide a copy of such
software product and related documentation to you for the sole purpose of
permitting you to conduct an evaluation thereof on the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement.

1.  License to Use.  Licensor grants you a non-exclusive and non-transferable
license (the "License") to use Positron and its accompanying documentation in
machine readable form (collectively, the "Software") on a single computer
system.  The License governs any releases, revisions or enhancements to the
Software which Licensor may furnish to you.

2.  Restrictions.  The Software is copyrighted and contains proprietary
information and trade secrets belonging to Licensor or its licensors.  Title to
the Software and all copies thereof is retained by Licensor or its licensors.
You will not use the Software except for non-revenue generating, testing
purposes only (the "evaluation purpose") on your own internal computer
networks.  You may make copies of the Software in connection with the
evaluation purpose.  You may print copies of the electronic documentation
solely for your internal use in connection with the evaluation purpose.  You
will reproduce all proprietary rights notices on these copies.  You may not
modify, decompile, disassemble, decrypt, extract, or otherwise reverse engineer
the Software, or create derivative works based upon all or part of the
Software.  You may not transfer, lease, assign, make available for timesharing,
or sublicense, in whole or in part, the Software.  Neither Licensor nor its
licensors grant any license or title to any trademarks or trade names under
this Agreement.

3.  Exclusion of Warranty.  You expressly acknowledge that the Software may
have defects or deficiencies which cannot or may not be corrected by Licensor.
The Software is provided "AS IS" without any warranty of any kind.  LICENSOR
DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE
OR NONINFRINGEMENT.  The Licensor takes no responsibility for the effects of
the installation or operation of the Software on your software, hardware,
network or related equipment.

4.  Evaluation Support.  You will install and use the Software in accordance
with the specifications provided by Licensor.  You agree to cooperate and
consult with Licensor in your evaluation of the Software, including your
evaluation of its features, performance, functionality and useability.  You
will make reasonable efforts to provide oral or written evaluations of the
Software to Licensor. You hereby assign and will assign to Licensor all rights
and title in the evaluations and the subject matter of the evaluations,
including, but not limited to, all intellectual property rights in or covering
the evaluations and the subject matter of the evaluations.  You understand
that you are exclusively responsible for the supervision, management and
control of your computer systems and network and the use of the Software,
including but not limited to: (a) assuring proper machine configuration,
program installation, audit controls and operating methods, (b) establishing
adequate backup plans, (c) implementing sufficient procedures to satisfy your
requirements for security and accuracy of input and output as well as restart
and recovery in the event of a malfunction; and (d) detecting unauthorized
access and viruses and preventing any loss or damage to data or other software.

5. Confidentiality.  You agree that you will not (a) disclose the Software or
any information relating to the Software including without limitation any
ideas, techniques and concepts contained in or relating to the Software, or
any of the evaluations, to any third party without the prior written consent
of Licensor, (b) copy the Software or any portion thereof beyond what is
explicitly permitted by this Agreement, or (c) use the Software for any
purpose except for the evaluation purpose.  You agree to hold the Software in
confidence, to maintain the Software in a secure environment and take all
reasonable precautions to maintain security in order to prevent unauthorized
use or disclosure.  You will inform your employees having access to the
Software of your limitations, duties and obligations regarding nondisclosure
and copying of the Software.  Prior to disposing of any media, you will erase
or otherwise destroy the Software contained on that media.  In addition, you
may not disclose to any third party the terms of this Agreement without the
prior written consent of Licensor.

6. Limitation of Liability.  LICENSOR AND YOU AGREE THAT LICENSOR WOULD NOT
PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE WITHOUT INCLUSION OF THIS SECTION 6. IN NO EVENT WILL
LICENSOR OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT, DATA, OR OTHER SOFTWARE OR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES HOWEVER
CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LICENSOR KNOWS OR HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES.  You acknowledge that:
(a) other than Licensor and you, no party has obligations under this Agreement;
(b) during and after the term of this Agreement, you may not seek any remedy
for any obligations or breaches under this Agreement from any party other than
Licensor; and (c) you may not sue or seek any remedy on any cause of action
relating to any Software or the rights in any Software from any party other
than Licensor.

7.  Termination.  The License is effective until terminated by either party or
at the end of the evaluation period, whichever occurs first.  You may terminate
the License at any time by destroying all copies of the Software including
associated documentation.  The License will terminate immediately, without
prior notice from Licensor, if you fail to comply with any provision of this
Agreement.  Licensor may also terminate the License upon written notice to you.
Upon termination, you must destroy all copies of the Software.

8.  Export Regulations.  The Software, including technical data, is subject to
U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Act and its
associated regulations, and may be subject to export or import regulations in
other countries.  You agree to comply strictly with all those regulations and
acknowledge your responsibility to obtain all necessary and appropriate
licenses to export, re-export or import the Software.

9.  No Further Commitment.  Nothing in this Agreement, including without
limitation the provision of the License, implies that you have any rights in
any commercially issued software produced by Licensor, including without
limitation a commercial variation or release of the Software.  In the event
that you and Licensor are able to reach an agreement on the terms and
conditions of a license for the Software (or a version thereof) when it is made
commercially available by Licensor, such license will be subject to the terms
and conditions of that agreement.

10.  Related Software.  You are responsible for providing any commercially
available software, equipment or services that are required to operate the
Software.

11.  Miscellaneous.  This Agreement and your use of the Software is governed
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A., excluding its
choice of law provisions.  You and Licensor agree to submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts.  The provisions of this Agreement regarding confidentiality,
disclaimer of warranty, limitation of liability, and all other provisions
which, as indicated by their sense and content, are intended to survive and
will survive any termination of this Agreement or the evaluation. This
Agreement is the entire agreement between you and Licensor relating to the
Software and: (i) supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written
communications, proposals, and representations with respect to its subject
matter; and (ii) prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any
quote, order, acknowledgment, or similar communication between the parties.
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, all other provisions will
remain valid.  No modification to this Agreement is binding, unless in writing
and signed by a duly authorized representative of each party.  All of
Licensor's licensors are direct and intended third-party beneficiaries of this
Agreement and may enforce it against you.  This Agreement and the License
granted hereunder may not be assigned or in any way transferred by you without
the prior written consent of Licensor.  Any attempted assignment, delegation or
transfer in violation hereof shall be null and void.  Subject to the foregoing,
this Agreement shall be binding on the parties and their successors and
assigns.
